okay just get the hell out of the
mansion and we can finally get the fuck
out of here now I'm trying to think
important Holden oh then there is
something there the smoky in the bath
that will become useful later on but i'm
trying to think she loved Chris first
key mr. dookey okay ah stop in a key
okay just trying to think probably
missing so that's not too important yes
i will take the spunky okie dokie um
save a pistol sink a car member pick up
I'll do it all right now we can see is
to get the fuck outta here I really hate
this place but the next thing is gonna
piss me off as well dance now dogs are
bein yours now I'm just making sure i've
called a cress of course i won't be
using the key again so i get into the
girls i think so i'll meet green home
now i'm gonna have to give that up for
now thankfully the dogs don't do too
much damage okie dokie okay i think
that's it now we really get out of here
now by the time okay you ever go down
here this time I've not been through
here yet I business one dog there you so
hard come on try and pounce on me you
cannot counsel me haha go it takes a lot
more skilled dog on this anyway I think
it's fun six shots okay see that was
sick shot dead okie dokie i'll put the
kresson he wears it
a sequester is just a way out of the
mansion okie dokie yeah but that now
okay yep yep okay the fun one okay now i
believe sleep out of the mansion now
this bit it's a bit of a bitch because
the consistently picking up the phones
are 9 and 0 Chris we doing anyway got
push it up here if you are one inch away
it doesn't that you pick up the goddamn
crank now I'm hopefully I'm gonna
getting smart first time now to see yep
I did get right first time and i will
take the crank okay just get downstairs
again and we'll go through the double
doors where there's dogs and who oh ok
nevermind there's some green haps we
will take those green herbs also some
ribs as well oh there is something that
helps as well so we'll combine those two
go get the specs hell okay yeah and uh
yeah Oh more cool i'll need as many as i
can to later on just some see yes yes i
will take the blood deep green hope so
gamma phi swept it okay yes all right
now i'm ok for help anyway I've got one
green hurt cuz get moobot of dogs okay
whoa whoa we see what I mean just go get
lucky bunny pass those pastures anyway
um I think I have to crank in his
somewhere indeed okay yes we'll crank an
air swing swing swing um now I believe
there's snakes on the other side I feed
their poisons I don't know I haven't
been bit by one for a while say for sure
so um
I guess we'll have to charge our parson
okay Bulldog so woah risky I'm actually
done quite well now I just never get
false gods it oh and there's something
this again I'll give a shit come on run
Chris run run you made it to the
gardners lots of statute inking couples
are home oh no no no I remember now I
think its planned for you to all those
stupid technical things trying and
though both go first read Porter's
condition is for Franco spineless an N
and not worth your time but nevertheless
something
okay I sure the notice a code and it was
rentals com nevertheless look like away
when he's making mixed herbs away i'll
save them for later on i'll keep one her
bow because you never know what was up
singles out safe no one in a indeed
trying to think yeah come on oohs okay
i'm thinking on the shelves all this
pistol clip there i'm gonna be using the
missile mainly in the guard house for
now ok and a face both be useful for the
time as they won if you watch me dance
Jill cybersex brain box just stopped
okay here we go vs. Bay he goes back in
the box was empty space here we go okay
I think I'm set son I'm just gonna save
here we're off to get food a guardhouse